1. Write a Python function to find the Max of three numbers.
1. Write a program to check if a given key exists in a dictionary or not. if key exists print the value of it.
2. Write a program to find out the factorial of a given number.
2. Write a program to Concatenate two dictioanries into one. 
3. Write a program to find out the sum of first N natural numbers.
3. Write a program to calculate sum of all values in a dictionary.
4. Write a Python function that takes a number as a parameter and check the number is prime or not.
4. Write a program to calculate multiplication of all values in a dictionary.
5. Write a Program to check whether a number is in a given range.
5. Write a program to Convert two lists into dictionary. 
6. Write a program to find out the sum of elements from a list.
6. Write a program to Create a dictionary which contains numbers between 1 to n as a key and square of them as a value.
7. Write a program to find out the multiplication of elements from a list.
7. Write a program to create a dictionary that contains state names and their capitals. 
8. Write a Python function to check whether a number is perfect or not.
8. Write a program to create a dictionary of students to store names and their marks obtianed in  5 subjects. 
9. Write a Python function to create and print a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included).
9. Write a program to create a dictionary of students to store names and their marks obtianed in  5 subjects also check if a given student exists in a dictionary or not. if student exists print the marks otherwise print student not found.
10. Write a program to calculate sum of digits of a 5 digits number using function. 
10. Write a program to sort the dictionary by values.
11. Write a program to find out reverse number of a 5 digits number using function. 
11. Write a program to Concatenate two dictioanries into one. 
12. Write a function that accepts a string and calculate the number of upper case letters and lower case letters.
12. Write a program to Convert two lists into dictionary. 
13. Write a function that takes a list and returns a new list with unique elements of the first list.
13. Write a program to Create a dictionary which contains numbers between 1 to n as a key and square of them as a value.
14. Write a Python function that takes a list and returns a new list with even elements in the list.
14. Write a program to create a dictionary that contains state names and their capitals. 
15. Write a program to find out the factorial of a given number using recursion.
15. Write a program to create a dictionary of students to store names and their marks obtianed in  5 subjects. 
16. Write a program to find out the sum of first n natural numbers using recursion.
16. Write a program to create a dictionary of students to store names and their marks obtianed in  5 subjects also check if a given student exists in a dictionary or not. if student exists print the marks otherwise print student not found.
17. Write a program to calculate sum of digits of a 5 digits number using recursion. 
17. Write a program to sort the dictionary by values.
